Add periodic whitesource scan (#1251)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/whitesource-scanner/README.md

# Vulnerability Scanner

## Overview

> This folder contains the Golang Buildpack with Node.js and Snyk image that is based on the Golang Buildpack image. Use it to perform vulnerability scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the WhiteSource Unified Agent image that is based on the Java Buildpack image. Use it to perform WhiteSource vulnerability scans.
```

# Vulnerability Scanner

## Overview

This folder contains the Golang Buildpack with Node.js and Snyk image that is based on the Golang Buildpack image. Use it to perform vulnerability scans.

> The image consists of:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The image contains `whitesource agent v19.6.1`.
```
Bullet points would make sense if there was more than one item on the list.
